Reflections Paper:

- A description of what your project does and the functionality that it provides
Our objective behind this project was to develop a web portal completely focussed on Beat Saber players since there are similar portals for more popular competitive games like Chess but not for Beat Saber. Our website, beatquest, provides various functionalities — on the events page, once can view a list of the competitive events for Beat Saber; on the leaderboard page, as the name suggestes, information about the top players is provided in descending order of their ELO rating; and finally the home page acts as an amalgamation of both pages with information about the top players, their win/loss record and the events information. 

This is the jist of what we did and detailed information about the motivation for the project and initial vision can be found in the project proposal document submitted earlier this semester. 

- What do you learn from this project? Briefly let us know your thoughts.
The learning from the project was immense — not only did we sharpen our front end specific skills in terms of applying HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other app architecture knowledge gained over the course of the semester but also we worked with external APIs and interacted with data. It was also very satisfying to work in the idea since unlike the assignments we worked on, this was very unique and nothing like this exists to the best of our knowledge. Lastly and most importantly, we learned how there is always scope for improvement and things can be further polished and more functionality added. We plan to keep iterating on it in the future as well!